Whose answer did you give?
Do you know that you are my child?
I asked about his father. Who is his biological father?
What do you do?
What are you doing? Let me go!
Don't worry about this, you need to tell me,
Just decide who your biological father is.
I haven’t shown you the child again. Who do you think your biological father is?
Too early, this is my private matter,
It's my fault. If nothing happens,
I had no problem getting in.
Chongxi, who is your master?
You didn't pay either
Then the master is dead
is my child
He is my only child
It has nothing to do with him or anyone else
thank you for not walking
What did you lie to me about?
I'll ask you one last time
I finally told the truth to me
I told you never to think about meeting anyone in your life
Who is his biological father?